clarify data residency (#8515)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/cloud/enable-dbt-copilot.md

  3. Click **Save**.
    <Lightbox src="/img/docs/dbt-cloud/account-integration-openai.png" width="85%" title="Example of the OpenAI integration page" />

  :::info Data residency limitation

>   OpenAI projects with US data residency (Project geography set to US) aren’t currently supported with BYOK. Currently you can only the API key in the dbt platform configuration. Specifying custom endpoints required for data residency isn’t yet supported and we’re reviewing a solution to support this in the future. 

Reviewer: Suggest we adopt the language OpenAI uses for this in their docs
```suggestion
  OpenAI projects with [data residency controls](https://platform.openai.com/docs/guides/your-data#data-residency-controls) enabled and configured for the United States (project region set to US) don't currently support BYOK. These projects can only use the API key in the dbt platform configuration. Specifying custom endpoints required for data residency isn’t yet supported, and we’re evaluating a solution for this. 
```

>   To use BYOK, ensure your OpenAI project doesn’t have data residency enabled. Projects without project geography settings will use the standard OpenAI endpoint (`https://api.openai.com`) and work correctly with BYOK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To use BYOK, ensure your OpenAI project doesn’t have data residency controls enabled. Projects without project region settings will use the standard OpenAI endpoint (`https://api.openai.com`) and support BYOK.
```
